cocoa: fix default icon search when standalone app is not an .app bundle (#2852)
beeware/toga: changes/2852.bugfix.rst

> Fix default icon search in standalone/frozen macOS applications that are not built as .app bundles (e.g., POSIX build made with PyInstaller).

Reviewer: Apps bundled as standalone frozen binaries (e.g., POSIX builds made with PyInstaller) no longer crash on startup when trying to resolve the app icon.

> Fix default icon search in standalone/frozen macOS applications that are not built as .app bundles (e.g., POSIX build made with PyInstaller).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apps bundled as standalone frozen binaries (e.g., POSIX builds made with PyInstaller) no longer crash on startup when trying to resolve the app icon.
```
